<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

### Table of Contents

-   [FirebaseCollection](#firebasecollection)
    -   [releaseFirebase](#releasefirebase)
    -   [bindFirebase](#bindfirebase)
    -   [create](#create)
-   [sync](#sync)

## FirebaseCollection

**Extends Backbone.Collection**

Firebase Backbone collection

**Parameters**

-   `models` **\[Backbone.Model]** Array of models
-   `options` **[Object](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object)** Options object
    -   `options.firebase` **[Object](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object)?** Instance of firebase app if different from default
    -   `options.params` **[Object](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object)?** Extra data useful to create firebase path. Ex. `/parent/child/${this.params.childId}/`.

### releaseFirebase

Close every db listener, remember to call it when you are done with a
collection. Calls every inner model .releaseFirebase() to ensure
no event handler is attached.

**Parameters**

-   `releaseModels`   (optional, default `false`)

Returns **[FirebaseCollection](#firebasecollection)** Return self

### bindFirebase

Connect collection to the Firebase db. this.db_ref must be set.

**Parameters**

-   `options`  

Returns **[FirebaseCollection](#firebasecollection)** Return self

### create

Create a new model and save it to Firebase, this is the only allowed method
to create a new model connect to Firebase.
If the collection is not fetched the model is pushed immediatly, otherwise
it will be added through child_added event listener.

**Parameters**

-   `data` **[Object](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object)** JSON data of the model
-   `options` **[Object](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object)** Backbone options object passed to the Model.save() method

Returns **Backbone.Model** Model created

## sync

Overriding of Backbone.sync.
All Backbone crud calls (destroy, add, create, save...) will pipe into
this method.

**Parameters**

-   `method`  
-   `model`  
-   `options`  
